This woman has in the coming season
to 530 million euros on board since
chauffeured for a quarter of a century
sandra king the stars of the fc bavaria
stefan effenberg lothar matthaus oliver
came jürgen klinsmann or giovane elber
They all sat with her in the bus since 1988
is a king bus driver at fc bavaria
this is really a dream job with this
club fc bavaria also to drive and me
already 25 years and it is
like a family just grows together
and the bus we always have
Now we bring the new one again
is just crazy so with something
nice to drive around that really
gigantic the most expensive travel group
Germany's supervision as Sandra
The king does not just drive the bus
but also cooks for the players in
in the book are around kitchen
the book presentation of alliance arena
she tells us what a crawl on
dearest eats or a guess rather the
actually likes best
schnitzel and noodles and a bit
sauce only gravy something else
not so much
and the others like to eat the most
give
an old Bavarian court or
Fleischpflanzerl that is very popular
at age 12 trainer of fc bavaria
including pep guardiola has say
not already through the area
hazards
especially after victories is the mood
left out in the bus
Since he finds he also plays instruments
I do not think a little but the
then also play music properly and
So we have to sing ours too
make music when they start themselves
to sing and then as is really
it's really funny and it's easy too
again something else when that
sing dare as if you just put everything in
order and your best bus ride in
she relived the last 25 years
a championship most have us
At that time we were happy to stay in Hamburg
have become masters and there they have
Everything in there was taken from newspapers
and paper apportionment and have 1000
made confetti snippets and that
remains my most memorable because in
i have the bus i think a week
trying to get clean again so
they celebrated it was easy
madness
So that was the biggest thing for me
celebration and joy because it's easy
in the end no one would have thought that we
still create their oh
she also has favorite players
he betrayed the bastille I like on
dearest actually I think because of
sit with me in the back of the kitchen and we
actually spend most of the time
together
25 years bus driver at fc bavaria
Sandra King enjoys every minute in
Soon she is sitting in her living room
behind the tax with 530 million
euro on board